Emotional Intelligence
I should call you Mengmeng
Mrs. Liu, you all know that, right?
I met your biological mother Jianghu people
I was going to bring him to see you that day
But I didn't expect a car accident.
Did you see who the driver was?
No, it was going too fast.
I saw that the driver seemed to be a woman.
You know I'll let you investigate
I know the truth of the matter
I have seen the truth
This time, you sent your aunt to the hospital in time.
i
No matter who it is
Yes!
This time I woke up
I can see you two together.
I'm very happy.
Yes, that Qin Xiaoxuan
He has replaced Mengmeng's identity for so long
He was lying to you on purpose.
You just let him go?
I won't be angry about Qin Xiaoxuan
Angkor
What are you doing here?
You are not welcome here
Brother Liu, I have something important to do. I have to leave your brother's house. What other tricks do you want to play?
Pardon me?